Adding an Ipyleaflet wrapper for WFS support (#179)
bird-house/birdy: birdy/ipyleafletwfs/README.md

# IpyleafletWFS

This module facilitates the use of a WFS service through the ipyleaflet module in jupyter notebooks.

It uses owslib to get a geojson out of a WFS service, and then creates an ipyleaflet GeoJSON layer with it.

## Use

This module is to be used inside a jupyter notebook, either with a standard server or through vscode/pycharm.

> There are a notebook examples which show how to use this module and what can be done with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are notebook examples which show how to use this module and what can be done with it.
```

The WFS request is filtered by the extent of the visible map, to make large layers easier to work with. 
Using the on-map 'Refresh WFS layer' button will make a new request for the current extent.

**Warning**

> WFS requests and GeoJSON layers can take a long time to process and render. Trying to load a lake layers for a nation wide extent will take a long time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WFS requests and GeoJSON layers are costly operations to process and render. Trying to load lake layers at the nationwide extent may take a long time
```

> and probably crash. The denser and complex the layer, the more zoomed in the map extent should be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and probably crash. The more dense and complex the layer, the more zoomed-in the map extent should be.
```
